In the last two sections we discussed the basics of redux.
We created a store and loaded it with one or more inducers reducers produce state.
If we dispatch an action it will then be sent to each producer and it will generate a new copy of state.
So let's start setting up our project to make use of redux.
The first thing we need to do is install the redux library so that the command line for our Steckler
tech stack project excuse me I'm going to run the command NPM install dash dash save redux and re-act
dash redux as well.
So there are two separate packages here.
Make sure you install both of them.
Now they're both tiny little packages so they will install quite quickly as that's going on.
I'm also going to open up my code editor inside of our tech stack directory and we're going to do a
little bit of setup inside of our project.
This is going to be some of the same set up that we had done previously on our last application.
So inside of our tech stack directory as soon as this thing boots up it always takes slightly longer
than I expect.
Here's our index not js file.
We're going to create a new S or C directory and then set up our root component inside their soul and
make a new folder called as Cercy I'll make a new file inside of here called app dot.
J.S. inside of your we will import the re-act library and the view tagged from Riak native just the
Barebone stuff to get our application running in the simulator.
So import re-act from react on imports view from re-act native.
I'll create an app component and this time's going to make it a functional component for which I will
return the view tag.
Nothing else.
Right now we just want to put something together and then at the bottom I will export default the app..
Now there is one last quick thing we need to remember to do inside of our index geas file.
We do need to update the import path for our app component so we want to import our app component from
Daut flash as C slash app like so.
All right so at this point we have something that can in theory be ran in the simulator.
There is no content yet but right now it's going to be all 100 percent re-act native code no redux whatsoever.
Let's take a quick break and then continue with our setup in the next section.